glory to God.
Because He's been so good.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Well, let me pray and then you can have a seat if you want to, amen.
If you want to stand the whole service, you can.
Glory to God.
Whatever you want to do, glory to God.
You know, we, anything, you know, if you feel led to run, you just run, amen.
If you feel led to jump, you just jump.
Come on, somebody.
Because God is good.
He is good.
He has been faithful to us.
When we don't abide faithful, He abides faithful.
Continually, glory to God.
Father, we just thank You and praise You and we count it in honor and a privilege to come before You're thrown tonight, Lord God.
Father, I just thank You and I praise You for this opportunity, Lord God, to speak Your Word once again.
Father, I decrease and I want you to increase on the inside of me.
I thank you that the words that I speak tonight, they are spirit and they are life and they come alive and your children like never before, Lord.
You said that your word is quick and it is powerful and it is sharper than any two-edged sword.
Dividing a thunder of soul and spirit and my own flesh and is a discern of the thought and intent of the heart.
So Father, I thank you that as your word goes forth, it penetrates hearts.
situations, lives.
I aim for bodies tonight to be whole in the name of Jesus.
Father, I release you to be God in this place like never before.
I thank you that all the gifts of being operation tonight, the gifts of special faith, working of miracles, the gifts of healing, Word of wisdom, Word of knowledge, prophecy, tongues, interpretation of tongues, and discern in the Spirit.
Father, you move as you so desire.
This is your service.
We release it into your hands.
So Father, I thank you for the great things that you have in store for
us in your word tonight in Jesus' name I pray.
Amen.
Glory to God as you seated.
I want you to open your Bibles to the book of Isaiah chapter 43.
I started this on a night of fasting and prayer, but God let me know that I'm not done with it yet.
Glory to God.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
You can never exhaust the word.
Amen.
The more you look into the word, the more revelation God gives you.
And sets you free in another part of your life, in another area of your life.
Glory to God.
Amen.
So I thank God for the word.
It is living.
Okay, y'all.
I know I'm at the word of faith, but this word is living.
It is alive.
So when we release it out of our mouth, it goes immediately.
to whatever situation and circumstance that you have spoken out of your mouth, glory to God.
So this word is always pregnant with revelation and illumination for God's children, all those that want it, because I know some people don't want it, amen.
But there are people that really want it, and they want to grow in the Word, glory to God.
Every time I look in the Word, I ask God to reveal something to me.
Show me another facet of yourself.
Something that I have not seen before, Lord God.
Amen.
He is a big God, and he is a mighty God.
Do you actually think our little finite selves could comprehend and understand everything about God, amen?
Every time we think we got it, bam, he does something else, glory to God.
He shows us another side to him.
The Bible tells us in the book of Revelation how the angels are bound before the throne and they cry out, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty.
You know why they crying out?
Because they just see another facet, another facet.
So all they can say is, they look up holy.
They come back, they look again, holy, glory to God.
So we need to be like that every time we look into.
Oh my God, you are amazing.
You are showing me something different, glory to God.
Amen.
Glory to God.
I see God is already doing a new thing.
I saw a new praise leader tonight.
Hey.
Something new.
Glory to God.
So what's my message?
A new thing.
I mean, the more I think about God just gave me this word and I have been meditating on this word for a while.
And I just been running it over and over in my heart and mind.
And the more I run it over, the more He shows me.
Amen.
In this time and season, God is doing a new thing.
Now, you may not see it because you don't exercise faith in that area, but for somebody that wants to exercise faith in that area, they're gonna experience God in a fresh and new way.
See, some people, they get bored and burn out on this church thing, coming to church and doing the word.
That's not the God that we serve.
I ask God to refill himself in a fresh and new way to his children.
If you are a person that has the fire has kind of gone out, or you know the burner kind of low, you know how on the stove you can turn the burner, you can start out a little low.
but you can increase it to a higher height depending upon what kind of stole.
I'm talking about the gas stole.
Amen.
The same thing is with you regarding the word and your relationship with God.
Sometimes we allow that fire to get a little too dim, glory to God.
But God has a way of rekindling the fire on the inside of you.
Come on somebody.
I know I got some people in here like that.
You in here because you like a robot.
I know where to go on Wednesday night.
Your car is on automatic pilot.
83.54, a state contact for him to lead an old meal.
Come on somebody.
So even if you are an automatic pilot tonight, I'm believing that God's going to do some great things.
He's going to reveal himself to you and he's going to touch something in your life tonight, glory to God.
The one word that I speak can hit everybody differently.
God's gonna minister to you according to your situation, according to your circumstance, according to how your life is going, and according to the direction that he is leading you on in your journey with him, come on somebody.
So this word is always pregnant.
Hey.
This word is always pregnant, glory to God.
Amen, glory to God.
Hallelujah.
So I'm gonna start at verse number 14.
Verse number 14, oh, I was like a lifted bottle of water down there.
Here, go right here.
Praise him.
Verse number 14.
And it says this, oh, they got up on the screen, because I showed them, said, no scriptures today.
Praise him.
Thus says the Lord, your Redeemer, the holy one of Israel, for your sake, I have sent to Babylon and have brought down all those nobles and the caldians.
We goin' all the way to verse number 21, so keep it rollin' for me.
Who's cryin' the ships?
I am the Lord.
When he says I am the Lord, that word Lord means at an eye.
It means that he is the one that is supreme in authority.
Come on somebody.
So he says I am the Lord.
I am the Lord.
You're a holy one.
the creator of Israel.
Now, what is God reminding us?
He's reminding us that he's the one that created everything.
So if there's something that you need in your life tonight, know that God is creative.
Amen.
He has creative ability.
You all hear me?
God has creative ability.
So whatever you need in your life, all you have to do is exercise it by faith.
Speak it out of your mouth, glory to God.
God will create it even if it doesn't exist in the earth.
He's the one that makes the way.
We gonna see that tonight, glory to God.
So he is the creative God.
He's the one that brought everything into existence.
Then he speak the word, glory to God, and everything came to pass.
He created the ocean.
He created the seas.
He created everything.
So he says, I am the Lord, your holy one, the creator of Israel, your king, the say of the Lord, which make it away in the sea.
So we see that God made a way in the sea.
Then it says, a path in the mighty waters.
talking about the deliverance of the children of Israel, which brought forth the chariot and the horses, the army and the power.
They shall lie down together.
They shall not rise.
They are extinct.
They are quenched as told.
Remember ye not the former things.
Neither the consider the things of old.
Behold, I will do a new thing.
Now it shall spring forth.
Shall ye not know it?
I will even make a way in the wilderness and rivers in the desert.
The beasts of the field show honor me, the dragon and the owls, because I give waters in the wilderness and rivers in the desert to give drink to my people, my children.
This people have a form for myself, God says, they shall show forth my praise.
They gonna show forth my praise.
So God is speaking about the great deliverance that he brought forth for the children of Israel.
Everybody go to Exodus chapter 14 for me, please.
I want to touch on that.
Exodus chapter 14, verse number eight.
Talking about these children because this plays a, I know the prophecy was for the children of Israel, but the principles of it apply to our life.
and we can grab hold of what he did on their behalf.
And they can manifest in our life what we believe in and operate by faith only, okay?
All right, so Exodus 14, starting at verse number eight, and it says, is everybody familiar with this?
You know, the children of Israel and bondage, a total 430 years, 404 and 30 years, amen.
But there came a day that their deliverance was to be brought forth.
You know, God did many plagues in Egypt to show his hand, to show who he was, and the Bible says that he hardened a heart of Pharaoh.
So every time they thought they was going to get a release, Pharaoh changes mine on them.
Every time they thought that this was the
The door deferral would change his mind, but then there came a day.
Don't you know there's coming a day for you?
The enemy has been doing, oh my God.
He has reared his ugly head in some people's life.
And you actually think that you blocked in and that God is not gonna make a way for you.
But believe me and hear what I say tonight, the Lord is making a way and has already made a way for you right now.
Some people are just like this.
Every time they think things are about to change, bam, something else happened in their life.
Everything you think, okay, I'm gonna see it a lie today, this situation over bam, something else happened.
Come on, somebody.
Just like them, every time they thought it was the time, something else happened and the enemy tried to keep them in bondage.
But doesn't the Bible let us know whom the son is set free, is free indeed?
Don't think that your situation gonna keep you bound forever, because tonight is your night of deliverance, glory to God.
You're not hearing me, glory to God.
I'm speaking for help, glory to God.
Tonight is your night of deliverance, glory to God.
You've been in prayer.
You have been speaking the word.
You've been standing on the wall and you will not let go holding on with Bulldog tenacity when everybody else was caving in, when everybody else was quitting glory to God.
You decided, I'm gonna stand.
And doesn't the Bible saying, having done all the stand?
Regardless to what the doctor said.
Irregardless to what the people said.
Irregardless to what your bank account said.
I'm just gonna stay right here.
And I'm not gonna be moved.
I got magic.
Look at that man.
He was like, you better put that microphone.
Don't be moved, but hold that mic to your mouth.
I am not gonna be moved.
I'm not gonna be moved by people.
I'm not gonna be moved by situations.
I'm not gonna be moved by circumstance.
The only thing that's gonna move me is the word of God, glory to God.
But there came a time for their deliverance.
And God said, behold, I'm gonna do a new thing.
just hearing the voice of God, I'm telling you, do not think your situation is over.
It is not over.
You know how, when people write books, they got different chapter.
It's time to turn to a different chapter.
You know how the writer, he builds upon the climax of whatever you want to call it.
And you keep, you know, it looks a certain way until you get to this chapter where everything
It's time to turn the page.
So the children of Israel.
That's why I said, if you feel like dancing, dance.
If you want to take a leap or run, you have your way tonight, glory to God.
Because see anybody that's been dealing with situation after situation,
Sometimes you can get a little weary and wear it down because stuff just keep happening.
And it doesn't look like a door is ever gonna open, glory to God.
Tonight, the door opens.
Tonight, the way is made.
Tonight, the situation is over.
Jesus.
Exodus 14, 8, and it says, and the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh.
This is where we are of Egypt.
And he pursued after the children of Israel, and the children of Israel went out.
with a high hand.
But the Egyptians pursued after them all the horses and the cherries of Pharaoh and his horsemen and his army overtook them and accompanied by the sea of that place.
And when Pharaoh drew nigh the children of Israel lifted up their eyes and behold the Egyptians marched after them and they were so afraid and the children of Israel cried out unto the Lord.
So nigh they have gotten to the place where nigh okay we have been delivered.
We walk into a walking out
Doing what God telling us to do, amen?
But the enemy is in high pursuit right behind them.
That's how the devil is.
He will not let go.
But he is a liar and a true thing in him.
That's why your praise life is so important.
That when it's inconvenient, when you don't feel like it, what you just do,
You let out a shout.
You praise God in the run.
The Bible tells us to resist the devil and he will flee.
So the enemy is coming up behind them.
And the children of Israel, guess what they get scurred?
And they began to cry out unto the Lord, verse number 11.
And they said unto Moses, behold, there were no graves in Egypt.
Has thou taken us a way to die in the wilderness?
Wherefore has thou dealt thus with us?
To carry us forth out of Egypt.
It's not just a word that we did tell the in Egypt saying, let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians.
Isn't something people rather be bound and set free?
because you get accustomed to a certain way of life.
It's been like this ain't no need in me making no waves.
You know, I ain't nobody ever had no money in my family.
My momma didn't have no money.
My momma, you know, so it's not a big thing for me not to have anything.
Even though I see in the word that God says he will supply my every need according to his riches and glory.
You know, we make the exception.
Some people like being in bondage.
Come on somebody.
when God says he is a deliverer.
So they're going back to the leader, whining and complaining about you should have left us alone.
You should have left us there.
Let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians for it had been better for us to serve the Egyptian than we should die in the wilderness.
First number 13, good leader.
And Moses said unto the people, you know it ain't easy leading.
All them supervisors in here say amen.
It is not easy leading.
And how much worse for Moses when we got all these millions of people following him?
So you as a leader gotta be bold.
You gotta be a leader that stays in the face of God.
Come on, somebody.
When nothing else is working, okay, no problem, I'll be right back.
I know I got some believers in here.
When you at work, it ain't nothing working.
Everybody complaining and all things are falling apart.
No problem, I'll be right back.
All I need is a little time with Jesus.
Let me go on this bathroom stall.
Let me do a run, a run, a leap, a jump.
Let me begin to pray out in the Holy Ghost.
I'll be back with the answer.
Come on, somebody.
And Moses said unto the people, fear ye not.
Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord, which he shall show to you today for the adjacent whom you have seen today.
You shall see them again no more forever.
I got some people in here tonight.
Fear not.
Stand still.
Oh my God, it's spoken unto you.
Come on, somebody.
Fear not.
I don't care about the attacks.
I don't care what the enemy said.
Fear not.
Stand still, see the salvation of the Lord.
See God's deliverance on your behalf, come on.
Because what you see today, you ain't gonna ever see no more.
The Lord shall fight for you.
See, sometimes you ain't gotta do nothing.
Let the talkers talk.
Let all the people come on.
Let them talk.
Let them do the day thing.
Let the Lord fight for you.
I don't care what it is.
Let God fight for you.
See, we believers and we try to fight everything in our own might, in our own strength, in our own ability.
Come on, somebody.
God is saying, let me fight for you.
Let me fight this battle for you, glory to God.
The Lord's your fight for you.
And you shall hold your peace.
That's a word right there.
Come on, somebody.
I ain't got a fight in this thing.
I can operate in the peace of God when the storms of life are raging against me.
I can operate in the peace of God.
When I'm catching it on my job, catching it on my marriage, catching it in my eye can operate in the peace of God.
Come on, somebody.
And the Lord said unto Moses, wherefore Christ thou unto me?
Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward.
It is not time for you to retreat in your relationship with God.
It's not time for you to throw in the tower and say this Christian stuff don't work or this relationship with God stuff don't work.
No, God is telling us to move forward.
We got to go forward in God.
Go forward in our relationship with God.
That means you need to pray again.